Leadership is never given on a silver platter, one has to earn it. – Ellen Johnson Sirleaf,
Our children may learn about the heroes of the past. Our task is to make ourselves architects of the future – Jomo Kenyatta
Personalities and fame pass; the revolution must remain. – Samora Machel
While revolutionaries as individuals can be killed can be murdered, you cannot kill ideas. – Thomas Sankara
Third World is a state of the mind and until we change our attitude as Africans, if there is a fourth, fifth and even sixth world, we will be in it. ― Patrice L.O. Lumumba
Education is not a way to escape poverty, it is a way of fighting it. – Julius Nyerere
A man who says “I have learned enough and will learn no further” should be considered as knowing nothing at all. - Haile Selassie
Action without thought is empty. Thought without action is blind. – Kwame Nkrumah
It’s not security measures, it’s not prisons in Madrid and walls in Africa that will solve the problem. – Alpha Oumar Konare
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.― Nelson Mandela
We live in a country where our young ladies who have recently attained the age of puberty cannot afford sanitary pads, but our men and women in public offices have ipads which they do not even know how to use. ― PLO Lumumba.
Africa needs back its economy, its politics, its culture, its languages and all its patriotic writers ― Ngugi wa Thiong’o.
I am an African. I owe my being to the hills and the valleys, the mountains and the glades, the rivers, the deserts, the trees, the flowers, the seas and the ever-changing seasons that define the face of our native land. – Thabo Mbeki.
Always bear in mind that the people are not fighting for ideas, for the things in anyone’s head. They are fighting to win material benefits, to live better and in peace, to see their lives go forward, to guarantee the future of their children – Amilcar Cabral.
Africa’s story has been written by others; we need to own our problems and solutions and write our story.– Paul Kagame
It’s the little things citizens do. That’s what will make the difference. – Wangari Maathai
One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised. – Chinua Achebe
The seeds of success in every nation on Earth are best planted in women and children – Joyce Banda
Ambition never comes to an end – Kenneth Kaunda
There is no passion to be found playing small – in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living – Nelson Mandela
My brothers and sisters, we are all winners. In this context, there is no victor and no vanquished. We have demonstrated, even in our diversity, the progress of Nigeria remains paramount for all - Goodluck Jonathan
Africa must revert to what it was before the imperialists divided it. These are artificial divisions which we, in our pan-African concept, will seek to remove. – Robert Mugabe
I don’t know which party my wife belongs to, but she belongs to my kitchen and my living room and the other room. So I claim superior knowledge over her and the rest of the opposition, because in the end I have succeeded. It’s not easy to satisfy the whole Nigerian opposition parties or to participate in the government. – Muhammadu Buhari
Africa does not need your sympathy or Overseas Development Assistance. Africa needs a fair chance to trade with the rest of the world and amongst ourselves. – John Mahama
Men have singled out women of outstanding merit and put them on a pedestal to avoid recognizing the capabilities of all women – Huda Sha’arawi